Broaden the specification's scope to embedded systems with simpler hardware and reduced functionalities (#75)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-ap-tee: specification/overview.adoc

execution state and memory are run-time-isolated from the host OS/VMM and other
platform software not in the TCB of the TVM. TVMs are protected from a broad
set of software-based and hardware-based threats per the threat model described
in <<threatmodel>>. The architecture describes an isolated (Confidential) Supervisor
Domain to enforce TCB and confidentiality properties, while using an isolated
(Hosting) Supervisor Domain for the host domain, thus maintaining the OS/VMMs
role as the resource manager (for both legacy VMs and TVMs). 

On processors supporting multiple supervisor domains (the Smmtt extension), the resources
managed by the hosting supervisor domain (OS/VMM) include memory, CPU, I/O
resources and platform capabilities required to host the TVM workload. The terms
hosting supervisor domain and OS/VMM are used interchangeably in this
specification. The underlying memory isolation mechanisms for supervisor domains
(Smmtt) is agnostic of the number of supervisor domains. On processors that do not support 
multiple supervisor domains where Smmtt is not mandated, a single confidential supervisor 

> domain and a single hosting supervisor domain can be supported (see <<depd>>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
domain and a single hosting supervisor domain can be supported (for e.g. <<depd>>, 
other deployment models are also possible).
```

resources and platform capabilities required to host the TVM workload. The terms
hosting supervisor domain and OS/VMM are used interchangeably in this
specification. The underlying memory isolation mechanisms for supervisor domains
(Smmtt) is agnostic of the number of supervisor domains. On processors with 

> hypervisor mode that 

Reviewer 2: nit: hypervisor(h) extension ?

Author: Thanks for reviewing. This text was already rewritten in one of the previous commits. Could you please have a look to the newest version?

Reviewer 2: My bad. I see it now. I am not sure why github was showing me the older commits.

As shown in <<dep1>>, the Confidential Supervisor Domain is managed by software
that operates in HS-mode and manages resources granted to it by the Hosting
Supervisor Domain Manager (the OS/VMM). The Confidential Supervisor Domain
Manager is called the " *TEE Security Manager* " or *(TSM)* and acts as the
trusted intermediary between TEE and non-TEE workloads on the same platform.
The TSM should have a minimal hardware-attested footprint. The TCB (which includes
the TSM and hardware) enforces strict confidentiality and integrity security
properties for workloads in this supervisor domain. The Root Security Manager, 
also called the " *TSM-driver* ", isolates the Confidential Supervisor Domain 
from all other Supervisor domains and other platform components (non-confidential and
confidential). The responsibility of the TSM is to enforce the security
objectives accorded to TEE workloads (TVMs) assigned to that supervisor domain. The
VMM is expected to continue to manage the security for non-confidential
workloads, and importantly the resource-assignment and scheduling management
functions for all confidential and non-confidential workloads.

> Note that CoVE implementations that support only one Confidential Supervisor
> Domain might combine TSM and TSM-driver functionality in a single deployment unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that CoVE implementations may partition the TSM and TSM-driver functionality
as required by implementations. For e.g. <<depd>> shows the TSM and TSM-driver
functionality in a single deployment unit.
```
